(SINGING) It seems today that all you see
Is violence in movies and sex on TV
But where are those
good old-fashioned values
On which we used to rely?
Lucky there's a family guy
Lucky there's a man who
Positively can do
All the things that make us
Laugh and cry!
He's a family guy!
Hey, fellows,
you all set for some paintball?
You bet!
God, Joe! Finally!
Is your watch paralyzed, too?
Guys, I don't think I can make it today.
It's looking like Bonnie might go
into labor any minute.
So I think I should stick close to home.
It's your fault for knocking her up.
That's why I always use a condom.
(LAUGHING)
Sorry. I'm sorry. I can't even
say that with a straight face.
Sorry, fellows, have a good time.
Man, I am so sick of this.
Joe is just gonna keep bailing on us until
that baby comes out of Bonnie's butt.
-Babies come out of the butt, right?
-(HESITANTLY) Yeah.
Well, we are gonna do something about it.
We are gonna figure out a way
to induce labor
and make Bonnie have that baby.
Yeah, the sooner that kid comes out,
the sooner we get Joe back.
Yeah, we're not complete without Joe.
You remember when he bailed on us
for that trip to the spa
and we had to find
another handicapped guy?
God, Seamus.
I've never seen you this naked.
(EXCLAIMS) It's good
to let the old midsection breathe.
What... How the hell are you alive?
Hi, Peter, how are you?
Never mind that, Bonnie,
I'm here to induce birth. Follow me.
Now, I'm gonna put the TV remote
down by your feet,
and I'm gonna turn on Two and a Half Men.
If your baby isn't totally brain-dead,
it'll come rushing out
to change the channel.
And when he does, I'll grab his hand
and yank him out of there.
-Peter, I don't think...
-Shh. It's starting.
ANNOUNCER: Two and a Half Men
was filmed in front of a live ostrich.
Boy, this stinks.
It's Friday night and I don't have a date.
Well, then, let me get you a number
from my little black book.
(CHORTLES)
All right, that didn't work,
so it's time for Plan B.
Guys, let's go down to The Clam
and drink beer and watch sports.
-Definitely.
-All right.
-You in, Joe?
-Yes, awesome! That would be splendid.
Yeah, this isn't working out.
All right, sorry,
we'll pay you for the full day,
but you can go home.
Damn right,
you're paying for the full day!
Guys, Bonnie's going into labor!
We gotta get her to the hospital.
Quick, Peter, get the car!
No way, I don't want
a pregnant mess in my backseat.
Oh, come on.
You're the guy who soiled his pants
while test-driving that sports car.
(TIRES SCREECH)
I don't want it.
All right, Mrs. Swanson.
You're doing fine.
Hey, Peter, don't you want to watch this?
It's a beautiful miracle of nature.
I can't look.
I didn't look when Lois gave birth
and I can't look now.
You can just tell me what it looks like.
You ever see a horse blink his eye?
Okay, Mrs. Swanson, you're almost there.
Push! Push!
Get out of there! Get the hell
out of my wife, you little bastard!
(SCREAMING)
Okay, here we go.
Hold on, the wheelchair is coming first.
And here's the baby.
(WAILING)
Congratulations, Mrs. Swanson,
it's a beautiful baby girl.
Oh, Bonnie, I'm so happy for you!
DOCTOR: Oh, my God! She's dying!
-What?
Oh, sorry, I was watching
this Paula Poundstone comedy special.
Here's your baby.
She's beautiful.
-(SNIFFLING) Isn't she, sweetheart?
-She sure is, Joe.
It's hard to believe she's already 18.
Aw, Susie's so cute!
I can't wait to have a baby someday.
Oh, Meg, we've talked about this.
In order to make a baby,
a man has to be able to become aroused.
-Sorry, Dad, I forgot.
-That's all right, sweetie.
Now you run along and play in the mud.
Attention, everyone, this is a twist tie.
It comes with every loaf of bread.
When we are done
selecting our piece of bread,
we use the tie to preserve...
Oh, my God!
(CELESTIAL MUSIC PLAYING)
Who is that angel?
-That's Susie Swanson.
-You don't say.
What, like, you think
you have a shot with her?
Are you kidding? We'll go together
better than Hannity and Colmes.
My problem with liberals, Alan,
is that liberals hate America.
Sean, I don't know if that's true.
You just contradicted me!
You hate America!
If I could just get a word in...
You hate America! You like the terrorists!
Well, I guess you're right again.
-Bonnie, we got a problem.
-What's the matter, Joe?
I'll tell you
while we're doing the diaper change.
Here's the reality of the situation.
I got our hospital bill this morning.
-How bad is it?
-It's $20,000.
Oh, my God! Where are we going to get
that kind of money?
I don't know,
but we've got to figure that out soon.
Well, I'm not worried, Joe,
you'll think of something.
I gotta tell you,
not being able to pay
my child's hospital bills
somehow makes me feel like
-less of a man.
-Oh, honey, that's silly.
I'm gonna show you
what a man you really are.
Now, let's go put your penis on.
ANNOUNCER ON TV: We now return to
Are You Smarter than a Hispanic Maid?
Okay, Larry, now,
how does a Hispanic maid
address her employer
if his name is John Sullivan?
Is it A, John? Or B, Mr. Sullivan?
Uh, I'm gonna go with Mr. Sullivan.
(BUZZER SOUNDS)
Oh, that was a trick question.
Consuela, what would you say?
-Mr. John.
-That's correct.
Now, bonus question, is Mr. John home?
No, no, Mr. John no home.
Joe? What the hell? Are you working here?
I have to, Quagmire.
The baby's hospital bill
drained all our savings,
so I've had no choice
but to take this job.
I don't know what I'm gonna do.
Excuse me, I couldn't help overhearing
you got yourself some money issues.
-Uh, yeah, kind of.
-Well, I might be able to help you out.
-How much you need?
-Look, I'm a police officer.
I can't afford to get mixed up
with a loan shark.
Hey, you should listen to this guy, Joe.
He's flipping a nickel
and chewing on a toothpick.
Well, I do really need the money.
And I don't have the credit
for a bank loan.
Do it, Joe, 'cause if you gotta
work here any longer,
you're gonna feel smaller
than my eye floaters.
(GASPS) There's one now!
I can never look at it dead on,
it's always trying to get away.
-Hey, eye floater!
-Hi!
-Hey, hey, where are you going?
-Away from your pupil.
-Well, maybe I'll look over here!
-I'll go over here!
You've got an answer for everything,
don't you?
(GUITAR PLAYING)
Oh, Brian, come here.
Would you mind listening to this song
I've written for Susie Swanson
-and tell me what you think?
-Okay.
(SINGING) Susie
You're a baby
-That's all I have so far.
-That was horrible.
You're as bad as Beethoven near the end.
(HUMMING ODE TO JOY TONELESSLY)
They're gonna love that!
Well, I've still gotta
do a little work on it.
-What's it called?
-Susie.
Wow. A song named after a girl.
There aren't a million of those already.
-Name 20.
-Rosanna, Roxanne, Michelle, Alison,
Sara, Angie, Brandy, Mandy, Gloria,
Cecilia, Maggie May, Jessica, Nancy,
Barbara Ann, Billie Jean,
Layla, Lola, Polly, Helena,
Jenny From The Block.
-Name six more.
-Sherry, Laura, Wendy, Maria,
Peggy Sue, Minnie the Moocher.
-Name five more.
-Tracy, Jean,
Jane, Marianne, Eleanor Rigby.
Go (BLEEP) yourself.
What am I gonna do, guys?
I paid the hospital bill,
but now I need $20,000
to pay the loan shark.
I'm right back where I started.
Well, sounds like
we need another loan shark.
Don't worry, Joe, we're all gonna pitch in
and help you raise that money.
(KIDS CHATTERING)
Wow, Peter, I gotta say,
this lemonade stand
was a really good idea.
It's selling really well.
That's because
it has my secret ingredient in it.
Vodka!
(SLURRING) You know what we should do?
You know what we should do?
We should just...
We should just get on our bikes
and just go.
Just go and start a business.
(SLURRING) You know, I never...
I never told anyone this,
but you're so good at cursive.
I don't know, Peter,
we've been out here all day
and we haven't managed to interest
a single woman in our massage parlor.
Wait a minute, here comes somebody.
Excuse me, stressed-out lady.
May I interest you in
a full-release relaxation massage?
Oh, yeah, just what I need,
to be rubbed down by a big fatty,
an old black guy, a cripple and a pervert.
Now, we don't have any money
and our feelings are hurt.
So that's pretty much it,
Mr. Pewterschmidt.
Joe's getting desperate,
and we haven't raised nearly enough.
Is there any way you could help us out?
Of course, I could.
But it's funnier to me if I don't.
In about an hour,
I'm gonna piss away 20 grand.
What, are you gonna bet on the Knicks?
(LAUGHING)
I'm sorry. I mean, how often... I mean...
Oh, man, nobody thinks that's funny?
Oh, my God! She's so hot!
Look at that, she can fit
that whole bottle in her mouth.
All right, come on, Stewie,
you can write a song.
How hard can it be?
(SINGING) You've got
your G chord right here
It's like a cozy house where you live
That's where you start your journey
Here I am in my house, nice and cozy
Then you poke your head out of the door
with a C chord
Everything looks okay out here
Maybe I'll take a walk outside
To the D chord
Oh, walking around outside
Look at all the stuff out here
And then we go to an A minor
Getting a little cloudy out here
Looking like we might have some weather
Then we go to E minor
Oh, definitely got some weather
Things are a little more complicated
than they seemed at first
And then we go back to my house
You sound like an unbelievable douche.
Then Brian comes in
And I change up the tempo
Brian comes in and he changes the song
Looking at me
like he thinks I'm a douchebag
But he's gonna learn pretty fast
that he's wrong
Hey, Brian
Why are you bringing me down, man?
Why are you bringing me down?
Don't bring me down
Music and lyrics by Stewie Griffin.
Hey, Swanson,
the boss is getting impatient.
He wants his money.
He says after we're done with you,
you're gonna be eating...
Swanson TV... TV... Wait.
-Wait, what did he say?
-What?
What did the boss say?
He said something funny,
and now I'm drawing a blank
on what it was.
-Oh, you know what it was?
-What?
You know what it was?
"When we're done with him,
he's gonna be a Swanson TV Dinner."
(CHUCKLING)
That is pretty funny.
Look what they did to me.
My legs are useless now.
(MUFFLED LAUGHTER)
And trust me, they'll be back.
-Well, what are we gonna do?
-You know what, boys?
Desperate times
call for desperate measures.
If that stingy old Carter
won't give us the money we need,
I say we take it from him.
Guys, we are gonna plan a robbery.
(DOORBELL RINGS)
(DRUNKENLY) Hey, hey, that's the guy.
That's the guy whose chin
looks like a... Balls.
All right, on a normal night
in the Pewterschmidt mansion,
there might be as much as $6 million
in the vault alone.
But this Saturday is
the Pewterschmidts' annual
"Bring all your cash
and put it in our safe" party.
Considering the guest list,
there could be as much as $40 million.
But we only need $20,000.
(SIGHS) All right, look,
I'll be honest with you.
My father-in-law has treated me like crap
for almost 20 years,
and it's time for a little payback.
$40 million! That's $10 million each!
I could afford to produce a movie
with B+ stars
in a not-so-expensive location.
ANNOUNCER: Jeff Bridges
and Laura Linney
in Danger In Cincinnati.
We've got 24 hours
before those terrorists set off
that new type of bomb
-that makes an invisible explosion.
-What are we gonna do?
Let's get back to headquarters.
-Should we take the helicopter?
-No, let's...
Let's walk, it's a nice day.
Oh, there's my laptop.
-Do you mind? I want to check my e-mail.
-Go away!
I'm editing this music video
I'm making for Susie.
Oh, really? Music video?
Working on a little video there?
Little, uh...
(VOICE RISING IN PITCH)
Little music video?
Little compilation of visual images
to go with a song?
Little four-minute movie
that tells the story...
Yeah, that only works when I do it.
There, all done.
All right, Brian, get ready to feel.
(EVERYTHING I DO PLAYING)
(SINGING) Look into your heart
You will find
There's nothing there to hide
Take me as I am
Take my life
I would give it all
I would sacrifice
Don't tell me it's not worth fighting for
I can't help it
There's nothing I want more
You know it's true
Everything I do
I do it for you
Oh, yeah
There's no love
Like your love
And no other
Could give more love
There's nowhere
Unless you're there
All the time
All the way
BRIAN: I'm not following
the story arc here.
STEWIE: Shut up!
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
Look into your heart, babe
Oh, you can't tell me
It's not worth trying for
I can't help it
There's nothing I want more
Yeah, I would fight for you
I'd lie for you
Walk the wire for you
Yeah, I'd die for you
You know it's true
Everything I do
Oh
I do it for you
Don't worry, Brian. Those goose bumps
will go away in about 20 minutes.
Stewie, that is the worst thing
I have ever seen, ever.
And I've seen Peter
when he's frozen in sex-face.
Peter, would you like more potatoes?
(EXCLAIMS)
(CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
Bill, how are you?
Babs, come over here
and say hi to Bill Gates.
Ah! Hello, Mr. Gates.
Hi, Mrs. Pewterschmidt.
Well, this is a quaint little party
you guys are throwing.
Hey, Bill, would you help me
program my Zune?
Oh, wait, I have an iPod,
like the rest of the world.
Why, you...
(GRUNTING)
(GROANS)
All right, Joe, we're here.
All right, Peter, Quagmire,
start the diversion.
Cleveland, find that door.
PETER: Check.
QUAGMIRE: Check.
Hey, fellows,
knock off all that high-society crap
and play some of this.
One, two, three, four.
(SAFETY DANCE PLAYING)
We can dance if we want to
We can leave your friends behind
'Cause your friends don't dance
and if they don't dance
Well, they're no friends of mine
I say, we can go where we want to
A place where they will never find
And we can act like we come
from out of this world
All right, Cleveland,
you're all clear to enter the vault.
Copy that.
Uh-oh. It's a combination lock.
Looks like I'm just gonna
have to cut through it.
Good thing I brought
Reese Witherspoon's chin.
ANNOUNCER: This programing brought
to you in part by Kobe brand condoms,
the protection you want
for the sex she doesn't.
Brian, do you know where Peter is?
Yeah, he and the guys went
to go rob your dad.
I believe you.
I'm in.
-Holy crap, there's another door.
-What do we do now?
FEMALE VOICE: Welcome to the vault.
Voice identification, please.
Uh-oh.
(IMITATES CARTER PERFECTLY)
It's me, Carter. I want my money.
FEMALE VOICE: Voice print verified.
-How the hell'd you do that?
-I can do you guys, too.
-(IMITATING PETER) Hey, everybody.
-Oh, hey, Peter.
-No, it's still me.
-Oh.
FEMALE VOICE: Welcome to the inner
vault. Penile identification required.
Let me handle this.
(UNZIPS)
(BEEPS)
That's amazing.
How the hell did you match it?
Oh, I didn't match the shape.
I just stuck it in there and broke it.
FEMALE VOICE: Final checkpoint.
Answer this question.
"What is the most unattractive
male first name in the English language?"
Keith.
Wow, look at this place.
There's more dough in here
than a Swedish bakery.
(IN SWEDISH ACCENT) Look at
all my dough, I'm covered in dough.
Father, you're covered in dough.
Aw! You spoiled the surprise.
I'm making you a cake out of dough.
All right, boys, pack up the dough
and get out of there.
-Joe, stop!
-Lois, what are you doing here?
I'm here to try
to talk some sense into you.
Do you really want
to go through with this?
I have to, Lois, for my family.
I don't know where else to get $20,000.
But you know Daddy'll find out.
He'll put his best people on the job,
and believe me, he'll catch you.
That's a risk I'm willing to take.
But think about
your beautiful little girl.
You can't watch her grow up from jail.
You'll miss running after her
as she learns to walk...
(STAMMERING) I mean,
riding bikes with her, as she...
I mean, dancing at her wedding...
Look, my point is,
you know what you're doing is wrong,
and you know how to make it right.
(SIGHS)
Guys, put the money back
and get out of there.
-PETER: What? Are you out of your mind?
-Tell them, Megatron.
-Do as I command.
-Okay, okay. Jeez.
-So, how'd Susie like your video?
-I don't care about her anymore.
I'm in love with Bryan Adams.
Peter, I want you to promise me you'll
never do anything that stupid again.
Lois, after what you did for Joe,
I'll promise you anything.
How the hell did you get your dad
to give him that 20 grand?
I told him it was for me.
I said I wanted to hire a divorce lawyer.
You're joking about that, right?
Lois? You're joking, right?
(WHINING) Lois!
(CHORTLES)